status: Add a 2025q1 entry for srcmgr (#492)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: website/content/en/status/report-2025-01-2025-03/srcmgr.adoc

> === srcmgr

Reviewer: I would try to make it looking more as a title. Only one word with lowercase initial looks ugly to me.
Looking at https://www.freebsd.org/administration/ I suggest the following:

```suggestion
=== Source Management Team
```

Contact: srcmgr <srcmgr@FreeBSD.org>

srcmgr@ is focused on finding ways to make src developers more productive, and to try and manage the large numbers of bug reports and pull requests that we receive.
The team meets every two weeks to discuss src-related issues and spend time triaging bug reports and pull requests.
The current members are Ed Maste, Mark Johnston, John Baldwin, and Warner Losh.
link:https://github.com/freebsd/meetings/tree/master/srcmgr[Meeting minutes] are available on GitHub.

In January and February, srcmgr@ ran two online bug-busting sessions, each attended by roughly 12 developers.
The sessions ran for three hours and focused on triaging new src bug reports.
The team plans to resume hosting these sessions in the next month.

The srcmgr@ team plans to lead a session at the link:https://wiki.freebsd.org/DevSummit/202506[FreeBSD Developer Summit] in June.

> Topics will include removal of the i386 kernel code and pkgbase support for the upcoming FreeBSD 15.0 release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Topics will include deprecation of 32-bit platforms and pkgbase support for the upcoming FreeBSD 15.0 release.
```
